I did not like him and that's another story
do not lose
we do not want to
just get the gun
the more that the sun may appear but also
ichiro ozawa
besides ronaldo
it's normal
may be already at the time this is not for bad
I'm already very scared the pl the entrance is frank
he does not owe me anything to anyone but before that he said his father paulo just to
walking with the animal can stop
in the scene that left to return to the best form but it is not anything abnormal
I do not know a little later
on our plate
leave the payroll
so anticipate from the top
after not having murdered
the index rose to col 1
the testimony of the supposed
in the north and north-east for killing
the antenna
Like I said, I'm
he denies
another novel
another supporter his conduct
Looks like two of Cuba.
there are even those who do not take if it is approved such entails in the final
It's still early to predict
I'm not saying that I'm going to complete the first bomb.
I started to sing if all this is not over yet and that is correct as it is
that someone else is what creates the program plus you
I will not give you two - the sinteal
pnbl not having to do with it
I spent an hour waiting
since then who